what's going on everybody I'm here with
Emmy made in Japan I'm super excited
today we're going to be doing a
collaboration video we're going to make
an American classic BLT just basically
my favorite sandwich I'm very passionate
about it I make my BLT very I guess I
don't know very specific to me it's
really easy that's kind of good very
simple way of making a BLT so I'm very
excited to make it she's gonna be doing
some of her home fries so that's gonna
be awesome very fresh everything's fresh
and we're doing a collaboration video
and hope you guys enjoy I'll be linking
her so you can click on your face you
want to go subscribe check her out I'll
be also linking her at the end of the
video and probably in the description
box so please check her out so let's get
into the kitchen and make an American
classic BLT sandwich or any sort of
assemble item like a sandwich my biggest
thing is having everything equally
distributed okay because I hate a
sandwich we've item 1 everything falls
out sometimes it's just bound to happen
because of the mayonnaise or mustard the
condiments tend to make it a little
slippery she which is kind of funny but
I like thinly sliced tomatoes just so I
can you know it's like three slices and
three slices two pieces of lettuce you
know six pieces of bacon or however many
pieces just evenly line it up so how's
it is thin then okay let me just give
you yeah give you a little I always make
you're especially cutting tomatoes sure
my Assad is really super important
totally take that top off I mean that's
not teeth it is it that's pretty thin is
it yeah yeah yeah that's good so you
know not crazy but then enough to where
you can stack it not have like these
huge chunky crazy Tomatoes right I guess
can you cut that up I'm eager to get it
definitely see me just I'd probably just
that tomato maybe one just for safety
okay and I'll wash the lettuce
once you have all your ingredients
basically all you have to do is get a
little assembly line going with your
cooked bacon lettuce and tomato and your
toasted bread with a little bit of mayo
once you're done with all that all you
have to do is stack it all together and
make a beautiful BLT
so there you guys have it a beautiful
balanced BLT that in every bite you have
the perfect amount of bacon lettuce and
tomato please go check out Amy's channel
off for the home fries recipe and I'll
see you guys next time I'm so ready to
like dig into this so beautiful right so
this is this is awesomely cookies oh
yeah this is a perfect perfect perfect
launch I love this artifact dig like
almost like steak cut fries really
tender I'm totally stealing this resting
we do open this I had so much fun enemy
this was such a cool collaboration I'm
so excited I have a chance to do this
love the fries I think we devoured most
of it I think it looks great hopefully
enjoyed my BLT myself so if you guys
enjoyed this video please go subscribe
to any channel she's so awesome she has
made she taste food like a mad
percentage she loves food and I love
people who love food so please go check
out she's an amazing channel and please
subscribe I'll fight annotate your face
sometime around here or somewhere around
here so please go check it out also
thank you so much for tastemade this is
a awesome set we get the film and I'm
just super excited I've never actually
had the chance to film like a
professional side like this so thank you
so much to taste me if you guys enjoyed
this video please subscribe thumbs up
and I'll see you guys in my next video
I guess